docs/pages/babel.mdx, before:

import { Title } from "../components/Title";

<Title>Babel Plugin</Title>

# Babel Plugin

BEMed comes with a Babel Plugin which is completely optional but it can be
used improve the developer experience and optimize bundle size and boot
times.

The entry point for the plugin is `react-bemed/babel`.

So for example in Next.js you would add `babel.config.js` with

```tsx
module.exports = {
    presets: ["next/babel"],
    plugins: ["react-bemed/babel"],
};
```

## Source Maps

When the plugin is active source maps are enabled by default in development
and removed in production.

## CSS Precompiling

You can enable CSS precompiling by passing `precompile: true` as the plugin options

<!-- prettier-ignore-start -->
```tsx{5,5}
module.exports = {
    plugins: [
        [
            "react-bemed/babel",
            { precompile: true }
        ]
    ],
};
```
<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->

This will precompile the `css` tagged template literals during build-time as
opposed to doing it during runtime in the browser. It will yield to smaller
bundles and faster boot times because the CSS precompiler Stylis will not be
added to your bundles at all. It will also run minification for the CSS
strings.

There is a limitation when using this: You can use variables only where the
standard CSS variables are allowed because the precompiler does not know what
your variable values are during the build so it puts CSS variables in place
during the compilation.

Eg. code like this does will not work

```tsx{3,3}
const Button = bemed({
    name: "MyButton",
    css: css`
        margin-${MARGIN_DIRECTION}: 10px;
    `,
});
```

because `margin-var(--BEMED): 10px` is not valid CSS.

## CSS File Extraction

Not implemented yet. Maybe in future. Not sure if it makes sense with
code-splitting frameworks like Next or Gatsby 🤔

Commit message:

Document new babel plugin features

docs/pages/babel.mdx, after:

import { Title } from "../components/Title";

<Title>Babel Plugin</Title>

# Babel Plugin

BEMed comes with a Babel Plugin which is completely optional but it can be
used improve the developer experience and optimize bundle size and boot
times.

The entry point for the plugin is `react-bemed/babel`.

So for example in Next.js you would add `babel.config.js` with

```tsx
module.exports = {
    presets: ["next/babel"],
    plugins: ["react-bemed/babel"],
};
```

## Source Maps

When the plugin is active source maps are enabled by default in development
and removed in production.

## Automatic "name"

When the plugin is active the name property is automatically added from the
variable name if not defined.

Example:

```tsx
const Button = bemed({ as: "button" });
```

will compile to

```tsx
const Button = bemed({ name: "Button", as: "button" });
```

## Duplicate detection

When the compiler is run in production with `NODE_ENV=production` it will
look for duplicate names and will error the compilation if it finds any.

## CSS Precompiling

You can enable CSS precompiling by passing `precompile: true` as the plugin options

<!-- prettier-ignore-start -->
```tsx{5,5}
module.exports = {
    plugins: [
        [
            "react-bemed/babel",
            { precompile: true }
        ]
    ],
};
```
<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->

This will precompile the `css` tagged template literals during build-time as
opposed to doing it during runtime in the browser. It will yield to smaller
bundles and faster boot times because the CSS precompiler Stylis will not be
added to your bundles at all. It will also run minification for the CSS
strings.

There is a limitation when using this: You can use variables only where the
standard CSS variables are allowed because the precompiler does not know what
your variable values are during the build so it puts CSS variables in place
during the compilation.

Eg. code like this does will not work

```tsx{3,3}
const Button = bemed({
    name: "MyButton",
    css: css`
        margin-${MARGIN_DIRECTION}: 10px;
    `,
});
```

because `margin-var(--BEMED): 10px` is not valid CSS.

## CSS File Extraction

Not implemented yet. Maybe in future. Not sure if it makes sense with
code-splitting frameworks like Next or Gatsby 🤔
